# POS Version 0.3.1

This version is fully functional and must be connected to a SEMA 
service before it can be used. When the app is first run, the settings 
screen will be presented. This should be filled in and the "Connect" 
button pressed to load the resources needed by the application in order 
to create customers and record sales.

## Changes since Version 0.8.0

- Android 7" tablets are supported, (although not recommended)
- The application always displays in "landscape:" mode
- The "inventory" report menu, (Not yet implemented has been removed) 

## Fixes since Version 0.8.0

- All outstanding issues have been fixed. 

## Differences from the product requirements specification

- The
 POS toolbar does not show the current date/time. The Android status 
bar, (above the POS toolbar shows time and pressing this will display 
current date)
- The list of products in the order basket does not 
contain an 'X' button to remove a product from the list. To remove a 
product, tap the item to display the order quantity window, press 
"CLEAR" then "Done"
- The application toolbar shows the application version as well as the ONLINE/OFFLINE status

## Operational Notes.

- The
 POS application will periodically synchronize with the SEMA service. 
(Currently this occurs every minute but we may want this to be either a 
client/server setting). This means that all customer changes and sales 
created on the tablet are sent to the server every minute
- Since 
the settings are persisted on the tablet, there are no login 
requirements when starting the POS app. To secure access, use the logout
 button on the toolbar.
- If you need to 'reset' the data, there 
is a 'Clear...' button on the settings screen. Note that any data not 
yet sent to the SEMA service will be lost. You can then connect to the 
SEMA service and customers/products etc will be downloaded. (Alternately
 you can remove then add the application)